Unclear statement that customer will confuse (#5883)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/information-protection/windows-information-protection/enlightened-microsoft-apps-and-wip.md

- Microsoft Remote Desktop

> >[!NOTE]

Reviewer: MarkDown compatibility spacing:
```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
```

> >Microsoft Visio and Microsoft Project are not enlightended apps and need to be exempted from WIP policy. They cannot be added to protected Apps for WIP at the moment. If they are allowed, there is a risk of data loss. For example, if a device is workplace-joined and managed and the user leaves the company, metadata files that the apps rely on remain encrypted and the apps stop functioining.

Reviewer: Typo corrections + please add MarkDown compatibility spacing:
```suggestion
> Microsoft Visio and Microsoft Project are not enlightened apps and need to be exempted from WIP policy. They cannot be added to protected Apps for WIP at the moment. If they are allowed, there is a risk of data loss. For example, if a device is workplace-joined and managed and the user leaves the company, metadata files that the apps rely on remain encrypted and the apps stop functioning.
```
